[Music]
hey what's up guys Shahzad here so
lenovo ypu ion k3 note brings some
useful features with it so i decided to
make a separate video showcasing some of
my favorite features and tricks so
without any further delay let's jump
right into this first of all I got this
question a lot that does it have double
tap to wake so yes it does have double
tap to wake just tap and hold on ceramic
speaker toggle or go into the settings
and features and turn on not too light
so that you have double tap to wake
[Music]
and there are also some great features
like quick snap once you turn this thing
on you can take pictures by double
tapping either of your volume keys when
the screen is turned off then we have
some other screen of gestures like slide
to unlock and drawing v4 camera and so
on
[Music]
then we also have smart scene mode which
is very cool it allows you to automate
your phone to do certain tasks at a
certain time or place something similar
to Tasker so if I just click this Add
button so for example I want to make a
profile for my home so when I reach back
home I want my Wi-Fi to be turned on
right nasubi set to the lowest settings
and I want my profile to be general back
again so lastly I just have to set the
start and end time and now it will
change all of these settings every day
automatically and it is really useful
for me then we have white touch
something similar to assistive touch
from iOS but with a lot more features
like you can open up calculator camera
and quick toggles and even lock screen
[Music]
and if you just feel that the display of
k3 node is too warm or too cold for your
liking then you can easily tweak that by
going into the settings and display then
going into color balance so now you can
change the tone to warm or cold and also
saturate or desaturate the display
[Music]
then in the notification settings you
can go into advanced settings and here
you can enable battery percentage and
also network speed and notification bar
[Music]
in the call settings you can turn on
smart answer
it automatically answers the call when
you just raise your device near to your
ear and you can also turn on flip to
mute as the name implies it mutes your
phone's ringtone when you just flip the
phone now you all know that you can open
up multitasking menu by just pressing
the Menu key but if you just tap and
hold this Ram cleaning button it will
take you to the running services and it
will show you more detailed information
about which app is running in the
background and also you can see your
free RAM store RAM space etc and when
you are running out of battery and have
no charges around there are two power
saving modes on the k3 note one is the
ultimate power saving mode in the
ultimate power saving mode you can only
use some essential stuffs but it
increases the battery life and standby
time a lot then you also have a normal
power saving mode which just reduces the
screen brightness and turns off haptic
feedback so it is also very useful so
guys that's pretty much wraps up for my
favorite features of the ypu ion k3 note
so if this video was helpful for you
don't forget to hit that like and a
subscribe button it really helps the
channel a lot and if you are new here
then don't forget to hit that subscribe
button because there will be a lot more
coverage of this one coming soon so yeah
that's it for this video and I will
catch you all in the next one